gh-107801: Improve the accuracy of io.TextIOWrapper.seek docs (#107933)
python/cpython: Doc/library/io.rst

      .. versionchanged:: 3.11
         The method supports ``encoding="locale"`` option.

   .. method:: seek(cookie, whence, /)

      Set the stream position and return the current position.

      Four operations are supported,
      given by the following argument combinations:

      * ``seek(0, SEEK_SET)``: Rewind to the start of the stream.
      * ``seek(n, SEEK_SET)``: Restore a previous position;

>         'n' is a number returned by :meth:`!tell`.

Author: ```suggestion
        'n' must be a number returned by :meth:`!tell`.
```

>         'n' is a number returned by :meth:`!tell`.

Reviewer: Should it be `*x*` rather than `'x'`? (see the conventions used in other method docs above)

Reviewer 2: I think we should also be consistent in our use of the argument name -- either *offset* or *cookie* -- instead of using a new *n*; but I don't have a strong opinion here.

Author: > Should it be `*x*` rather than `'x'`? (see the conventions used in other method docs above)

\*x\* is the convention. I'll fix that.

> I think we should also be consistent in our use of the argument name -- either offset or cookie -- instead of using a new n; but I don't have a strong opinion here.

I thought about that earlier, but changed my mind. I'll reconsider it.

Author: Actually, the \*x\* convention is used for parameter names. Here, it was more of a code snippet (also, `n` is an *argument* to `seek()`). Perhaps double backticks are a better option.

      * ``seek(0, SEEK_END)``: Fast-forward to the end of the stream.
      * ``seek(0, SEEK_CUR)``: Leave the current stream position unchanged.

>       Any other argument combinations are undefined behaviour.

Reviewer: "undefined behaviour" may be misleading to C/C++ developers reading this. Perhaps find another wording?

Author: I'll try and come up with something.

Reviewer 2: 'will produce undefined results'?

Reviewer: That sounds better.

Author: I rewrote it to _"Any other argument combinations are invalid"_.

>       Any other argument combinations are undefined behaviour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Any other argument combinations are undefined behaviour,
      and may raise exceptions.
```

      .. versionchanged:: 3.11
         The method supports ``encoding="locale"`` option.

   .. method:: seek(cookie, whence, /)

>       Set the stream position, and return the new stream position.
> 

Reviewer 2: Given that the return value isn't useful for ``TextIOWrapper``, perhaps just don't put what it returns in the summary line? The suggested returns/rtype pair could even be at the very end.

```suggestion
      Set the stream position.
      
      :returns: The new stream position.
      :rtype: int
```

Author: I think that renders a bit strange, since we're not using a parameter list (which I don't think is needed for this method). I'd prefer something like this:

```suggestion
      Set the stream position.
      Return the new stream position as an :class:`int`.
```
